## Code Book for Tidy Dataset
Variable | Definition
-------- | ----------
subject | numeric indicator in the range [1:30] representing the individual wearing the smartphone
activity | activity performed: one of "LAYING", STANDING", "SITTING", WALKING", "WALKING\_UPSTAIRS", "WALKING\_DOWNSTAIRS"
tbodyAcc.mean.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tbodyAcc.mean.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tbodyAcc.mean.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tbodyAcc.std.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tbodyAcc.std.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tbodyAcc.std.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tGravityAcc.mean.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tGravityAcc.mean.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tGravityAcc.mean.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tGravityAcc.std.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tGravityAcc.std.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tGravityAcc.std.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerk.mean.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerk.mean.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerk.mean.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerk.std.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerk.std.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerk.std.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyro.mean.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyro.mean.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyro.mean.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyro.std.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyro.std.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyro.std.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerk.mean.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerk.mean.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerk.mean.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerk.std.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerk.std.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerk.std.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyAccMag.mean | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyAccMag.std | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tGravityAccMag.mean | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tGravityAccMag.std | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerkMag.mean | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerkMag.std | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyroMag.mean | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyroMag.std | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerkMag.mean | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerkMag.std | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAcc.mean.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAcc.mean.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAcc.mean.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAcc.std.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAcc.std.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAcc.std.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAccJerk.mean.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAccJerk.mean.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAccJerk.mean.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAccJerk.std.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAccJerk.std.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAccJerk.std.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyGyro.mean.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyGyro.mean.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyGyro.mean.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyGyro.std.X | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyGyro.std.Y | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyGyro.std.Z | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAccMag.mean | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyAccMag.std | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.mean | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.std | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyBodyGyroMag.mean | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyBodyGyroMag.std | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.mean | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.std | corresponds to equivalent variable in features_info.txt of the original dataset